ITEX sample update for AI Kit product name change (#2025)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples: AI-and-Analytics/Getting-Started-Samples/Intel_Extension_For_TensorFlow_GettingStarted/README.md

# Intel Extension for TensorFlow Getting Started Sample

> This code sample will guide users how to run a tensorflow inference workload on both GPU and CPU by using Intel AI Tools and also analyze the GPU and CPU usage via oneDNN verbose logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code sample demonstrates how to run a TensorFlow inference workload on both GPU and CPU by using Intel AI Tools and analyze the GPU and CPU usage via oneDNN verbose logs
```

## Purpose

>   - Guide users how to use different conda environments in Intel AI Tools to run TensorFlow workloads on both CPU and GPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Guide on how to use different conda environments in Intel AI Tools to run TensorFlow workloads on both CPU and GPU
```

>   - Guide users how to validate the GPU or CPU usages for TensorFlow workloads on Intel CPU or GPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Guide users how to validate the GPU or CPU usage for TensorFlow workloads on Intel CPU or GPU
```

>   - Guide users how to validate the GPU or CPU usages for TensorFlow workloads on Intel CPU or GPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Guide on how to validate the GPU or CPU usages for TensorFlow workloads on Intel CPU or GPU
```

## Prerequisites

| Optimized for          | Description
|:---                    |:---
| OS                     | Ubuntu* 22.04  
| Hardware               | Intel® Data Center GPU
| Software               | Intel Extension for TensorFlow

> Intel Extension for TensorFlow* is ready for use once you finish the Intel AI Tools installation through AI Tools Selector or Offline Installer.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running the sample, install the Intel Extension for TensorFlow* via the Intel AI Tools Selector or Offline Installer.   
```

> You can refer to the oneAPI AI Tools [product page](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/oneapi/ai-analytics-toolkit.html) for software installation and the *[Get Started with the Intel® AI Tools for Linux*](https://software.intel.com/en-us/get-started-with-intel-oneapi-linux-get-started-with-the-intel-ai-analytics-toolkit)* for post-installation steps and scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer to the Intel AI Tools [product page](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/oneapi/ai-analytics-toolkit.html) for software installation and the *[Get Started with the Intel® AI Tools for Linux*](https://software.intel.com/en-us/get-started-with-intel-oneapi-linux-get-started-with-the-intel-ai-analytics-toolkit)* for post-installation steps and scripts.
```

Third party program Licenses can be found here: [third-party-programs.txt](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples/blob/master/third-party-programs.txt)

> ## Pre-requirements (Local or Remote Host Installation)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Pre-requisites (Local or Remote Host Installation)
```

> TensorFlow* is ready for use once you finish the Intel AI Tools installation and have run the post installation script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TensorFlow* is ready for use once you finish the installation and have run the post-installation script.
```

You can refer to the oneAPI [main page](https://software.intel.com/en-us/oneapi) for toolkit installation and the Toolkit [Intel&reg; Intel AI Tools Get Started Guide for Linux](https://software.intel.com/en-us/get-started-with-intel-oneapi-linux-get-started-with-the-intel-ai-analytics-toolkit) for post-installation steps and scripts.

> ## Environment Setup (Only applicable to AI Tools Offline Installer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Environment Setup (Only applicable to Intel AI Tools Offline Installer)
```

## How to Build and Run

You can run the Jupyter notebook with the sample code on your local
server.

### Run the Sample in Jupyter Notebook<a name="run-as-jupyter-notebook"></a>

> 

Reviewer 2: At the end of the file we need to insert:
*Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. [Trademarks](http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/legal/trademarks.html)

This request is relevant for any README file where we use asterisks

Author: addressed it accordingly
